hey what's up guys Adam here with my
final review of HP veer 4G HP veer 4G
launched today on AT&T for a price point
of a hundred bucks on contract and this
phone is HP's latest step into the
smartphone arena after acquiring palm
earlier this year
this phone is definitely unique because
of its small form factor which is
definitely gonna appeal to some and
probably not to others the veer 4G
features a very tiny two point six inch
320 by 400
Koko's of touchscreen which is right
above the phone's small physical QWERTY
keyboard it features a slide-out QWERTY
keyboard and also a 800 megahertz
Snapdragon processor and 512 megabytes
of RAM altogether the keyboard does take
some time to get used to because of the
size but it was a lot better that I
would have thought at first glance there
are four rows of small rubbery keys on
the phone with 3 rows dedicated for
letters and the bottom row has some
additional characters and as symbols key
the keys definitely provide some decent
feedback but I wish there was a
dedicated Rose for numbers and the
keyboard is altogether a little bit
cramped I wasn't able to type as fast on
this keyboard as I was on other larger
physical QWERTY keyboards because of the
size now for Hardware this phone
features a black or white belt and on
the black model which I have here it has
a matte finish to it the hardware on the
phone is very nice all together and
features a very solid construction on
the top of the phone you will see a
vibrate switch and the power button is
on the corner and then on the left side
you'll see a volume rocker on the right
side you will see a connector right here
which you can actually add a headphone
jack connection to since the phone is
not big enough to include a headphone
jack this is one of the complaints I did
have with the hardware on the phone I
found it a little bit annoying to carry
around this little headphone jack and
it's definitely very easy to lose this
and all together for call quality the
phone is a very very loud earpiece which
I was kind of surprised about because of
the size and there's also an extra
microphone for a noise cancellation the
call quality was decent altogether and I
didn't really have any complaints with
it now finally in the back of the phone
is a 5 megapixel rear facing camera with
no LED flash and no autofocus altogether
the camera wasn't too good to be honest
I wish there was an included LED flash
for night pictures and the pictures were
pretty grainy and average for a phone
the video quality was very similar and
there's no
high-definition video capture on the
beer now next up is a battery life
there's a non-removable 910 milliamp
hour battery this phone and this is
clocked in for about five hours of
talktime according to HP altogether in
my testings about her life was decent
I've seen phones with worse battery life
and I've definitely seen phones with
better battery life if you can serve the
battery it probably should last you
about the entire day but you will
definitely need to charge it nightly now
next up is a software this phone runs
webOS version 2.1 which is an operating
system that i'm a big fan of on the beer
for jean you guys can see webOS 2.1
right here and basically how this works
is you have a main screen and these
little cards here are your multitasking
applications you can swipe through these
and basically click on them to see your
other applications and you can also
swipe on them up to clear them out of
your multitasking if you want to open up
more implications on the VR 4G you can
use this touch sensitive area on the VR
4G to open up the application tray to
get out of here you can swipe upward as
well or swipe to the right to go back
one page and this works throughout the
entire operating system now with an
application menu on webOS 2.1 you can
scroll to the side to access more
applications as well and altogether with
the operating system webOS was very
smooth with the HPV or 4G even when you
have over 30 programs multitasking at a
time now next up is a web browser the
web browser is one of my favorite things
about the HPV or 4G there's full Adobe
Flash support within the browser and the
pinch-to-zoom was very very smooth and
it was even smoother than iOS in my
opinion while scrolling in now also with
the software there's an HP app catalog
and honestly the app catalog is
definitely lacking in applications
compared to iOS Android and Windows
Phone 7 you can find some applications
in here but there's honestly not too
many and a lot of that locations that I
searched for that are on iPhone and
Android devices are just not on the HP
veer of 4G there's also going to be
additional applications in the app
catalog that you're not gonna be able to
have access to because of the size of
the beer as well
now finally guys this is a 4G phone on
AT&T HSPA+ network and four speeds I've
averaged about two megabits up and one
megabit down at my test I have gotten a
little bit higher than two down but
altogether there was pretty decent
speeds with AT&T HSPA+ network in my
area now all together guys
I really enjoyed the HPV r4g and I would
recommend it to anyone who is interested
in a phone this small it was a bit too
small for some applications that I
noticed such as the browser and some
different circumstances and also want
some applications for gaming it was just
not too great for the size but it
definitely was still useable and all
together the HPV or 4G was a great phone
it really didn't lag too much I really
liked webOS 2.1 altogether and the 800
megahertz Snapdragon processor and 512
megabytes of RAM is perfect for the
phone so anyways guys that's HP veer 4G
be sure to give this video a like rating
if it helped you guys out and subscribe
for more reviews thanks all for watching